MC-40640: [Documentation] Update documentation for MSI Offline distance calculation (#1015)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/inventory-configure-distance-priority.md

- **Offline Calculation** - Calculates the distance using downloaded and imported geocode data using zip/post codes and GPS coordinates to determine the closest source to the shipping destination address. To configure this option, you may require developer assistance to initially download and import geocodes using command line instructions.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> For multistore website with several countries configure [Default Tax Destination]({% link tax/tax-destination-default.md %}) for each country.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multi-store website with several countries, configure [Default Tax Destination]({% link tax/tax-destination-default.md %}) for each country.
```

## Configure offline calculation

> Offline calculations use country codes to determine the distance between the shipping destination and source addresses. This option may require developer assistance to configure. You will issue an Inventory Management CLI command to download and import data from [geonames.org][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offline calculations use country codes to determine the distance between the shipping destination and source addresses. This option may require developer assistance to configure. You will need to issue an Inventory Management CLI command to download and import data from [geonames.org][5].
```
